[RYOMA]
Dear Lady Eliaria Jamil,
how are you doing?
I said goodbye to Gimul
for now and am currently
on a solo journey to Lenaf,
but I'm not worried one bit.
I'm actually more excited
than anything since I'll be
opening up my second shop there!
Wow!
He's starting a second shop?
That was pretty quick, huh?
He's so impressive!
[RYOMA]
The new town's not much farther.
I wonder what kind of
people I'll meet there.
I can't wait to find out and
tell you all about it, Elia!
So, this is Lenaf.
It may not be as big as Gimul,
but it sure is lively.
All right.
What's the address?
Master Glissela told me
my first move should be
to speak with Lenaf's very
own Mister Pioro Saionji.
Just gotta navigate the town!
So, this is Mister
Pioro's place.
Saionji Trading Company.
It's huge!
Don't be shy.
[RYOMA]
They seem really busy.
Should I just leave, or?
Something tells me I should
since I'm only gonna
be a bother.
Man, this stinks,
but that's how it goes.
[MIYABI]
Welcome, young man.
Are you, perhaps, looking for
something in particular?
Oh. I'm sorry, ma'am.
I'm here for a meeting,
not to shop.
It's with Mister Pioro Saionji.
You'd rather see my dad
than have a shoppin' spree?
Your dad?
Excuse me.
My father's what
brings you here?
I guess so.
[PIORO]
How goes it, kiddo?
Oh, heya there, Dad.
[RYOMA]
You must be Mister Pioro.
What's this, Miyabi?
Is he hitting on you?
I don't get why your
mind even went there!
He's really not
flirtin' with ya?
Aw, what a shame.
Only shameful thing
here is your behavior!
Well, anyway, the one he's
actually interested in
talking to is you.
Oh, is that right?
Very nice to meet you.
My name is Ryoma
Takebayshi, sir.
I hail from the mining
town of Gimul.
The master of their Merchant
Guild highly recommended you.
I gotcha!
So you're that Ryoma kid.
As you already figured out,
I'm Pioro Saionji.
Not sure if you're aware,
but your reputation
kinda precedes you.
Glissela immediately
had my attention
when she said you own
a laundry service
that uses slimes!
Then she mentioned
what brings you to Lenaf.
If you wanna open a
second branch here,
gotta go to the guild and
sift through mountains
of paperwork before
anything else can be done,
I'm afraid.
But you got nothing to
worry about because
I've got you covered
from start to finish, kid.
[RYOMA]
I appreciate it, sir.
[MIYABI]
Huh?!
What's with the face, Miyabi?
It's just that... Well, uhm...
Do you mean a second
branch of a business?
This kid? Seriously?
Hard to believe he's a shop
owner when he doesn't
seem much older than me.
Well, he isn't older than you.
Ryoma is only 11.
So, he's actually
one year younger.
He's just 11?
Don't be so surprised, sweetie.
Look how uncomfortable he is.
Sorry, I didn't mean
to make it awkward!
Let's just take this whole
introduction from the top.
I'm Miyabi Saionji,
and I'm honored to make
your acquaintance.
Likewise.
I look forward to working with
both of you in this town.
Speaking of names,
the name Miyabi came from
the daughter of our
ancestor who founded
the business.
Kinda hoped I'd get a
share of his good luck
if I called her that.
I mean you never know.
Why are you telling him
our life story, Dad?
It's okay.
I'll bet the name reminded
you of all the things
she'd achieved, right?
Not even close!
I suppose you could say
that the founder's daughter
was like the poster girl
for living a regular,
happy life.
I get it now.
Obviously, you wanted your
daughter to live a nice,
happy life like her, right?
Naw.
I mean, everybody wants
that stuff for their kiddos.
It's more like I wanted to
bring myself some of that
good luck.
You wanna hog all
the luck for yourself!
Sorry! Don't know
what came over me.
No hard feelings.
Pretty sure I deserved to
be sassed back for that,
wouldn't you agree, Miyabi?
Absolutely.
Stop goofing off!
You said there's a bunch he
has to do back at the guild!
Quit wasting time
and go take him there!
Will do!
I told you there was
a mountain of paperwork
waiting for you, but it's
actually gonna be more like
a hill.
'Cause Glissela asked
me to handle everything
before you got into town.
So I've already got most
of the complicated stuff
taken care of for you.
No need to worry about things
like where you're gonna
set up shop.
All that's left is for
you to take a look through
some documents and
sign on the dotted line
if you approve.
That's literally it.
I appreciate that you
turned that big mountain
of paperwork into
a hill, but why?
I'm attached to my
head and Glissela
would've bitten it clean off
if I hadn't done it, so...
Lookie here,
our guild's right up there.
C'mon, kid, let's
get this over with.
Okay!
Huh?
That building is
the Merchant's Guild?
The inside is impressive, too.
Do you like what you see?
It looks the way it
does for a reason.
Served as a fortress
a long time ago.
You're kidding me!
Someone thought, "Hey, let's
turn this fortress into
a Merchant's Guild?"
Don't be silly.
We use this place
for several guilds!
So we have the Adventurers,
Dragoons, and Craftsmen,
and of course, the Merchants
assemble here as well.
It's a four-tress, after all,
so it's fitting to have four!
You said "Dra-goon?"
What is that?
Oh, yeah. I guess you
wouldn't be in the know.
Take a look out
that window there.
Those things are enormous!
Never seen so many
big monsters before,
at least not all in
the same place.
Their size is kind of essential.
Bigger they are,
more goods they carry!
And, apart from
transporting people,
that's what the
Dragoons use them for.
The monsters work
for the guild? Ah.
[PIORO] The fastest means
of travel is by way of flying
monsters, hands down.
But, those critters are what
you'd call "high maintenance,"
and need a certain amount of
space and amenities.
When you think about it
from that perspective,
a fortress is an ideal
facility to care for them.
Makes sense, yeah.
Why share the needed
space and amenities
with the other guilds, though?
[PIORO] The guilds of Lenaf
are a team, that's why!
Members of the Adventurer's
Guild gather raw materials,
which members of the
Craftsman's Guild transform
into goods.
Then it's the Merchant
Guild's job to turn a profit
on those goods,
while the Dragoon's Guild
is in charge of
transporting them.
That special system is how
Lenaf managed to expand
over the years.
[RYOMA]
Amazing.
Yeah, that's one word for it.
Wanna know something
even more amazing?
This whole thing was
thought up by one guy.
And also, that man was like
the trunk of my family tree!
Know what else?
He dubbed this
concept the "airport,"
and it stuck ever since!
Neat, huh?
Such a clever idea for a name!
Uh, he sounds like a genius.
Boy, was he!
[RYOMA] Or he was somebody
who'd heard the term before
on Earth.
I was suspicious the instant
I learned his family name
was Saionji, but the
airport thing seals it.
Mister Pioro's ancestor
was a transfer like me,
and he definitely left
his mark on this world.
[CLERK A]
Thanks for waiting.
[PIORO]
No worries. Ryoma?
Right!
[RYOMA] I can't express how
grateful I am that you set
all this up for me
from the get-go.
Opening my shop should be
a walk in the park now.
Wasn't any sweat off my back,
so don't worry about it, kid.
I mean, after all,
not like Glissela supports
just anyone, yeah?
I reckon my hopes for you
should be just as high
as hers are.
And this is a favor I intend
to cash in on one day
down the road.
You get me?
[RYOMA chuckles]
Loud and clear.
[PIORO]
Good deal!
I scratch your back,
you scratch mine!
For now, though, let's go
check out your new place.
[RYOMA]
Let's!
This is it?
It sure is.
Looks pretty spiffy, huh?
And, best of all, it's right
across the street from my place,
so if you ever need anything,
don't hesitate to ask.
What a great location!
Feel like all I've done since
I met you is thank you,
but I truly appreciate
the help you've given me.
Didn't I say not to
worry about thanks?
I'm a business man, Ryoma.
I'll always answer when
opportunity knocks,
even if it just results
in an IOU at the start.
Well, you didn't come all this
way just to hear about me.
Why are we out here, just
standing in the street?
Let's go inside and
scope out your store!
--Come on.
--Hey. I can walk!
[PIORO] The first floor
is the shop area,
while the second floor has rooms
for meetings and whatnot.
The previous owner's house
is on the premises, too,
so I guess you can use
that as a dormitory
for the employees if you want.
Wonderful!
As soon as I build the furniture
to fill this place up with,
we should be ready
for business, I think!
I'll contact Gimul immediately
so my people know
we're good to go!
Here, Drei!
[PIORO] Oh!
Nice lookin' limour bird!
[RYOMA]
Thanks.
I tamed a few recently.
[PIORO]
Oh, yeah.
Glissela mentioned
that you were a tamer.
So, on top of your
business skills,
you're able to tame
limour birds, too.
Get there safe and sound, okay?
Well done.
Now we just have to
wait for your employees
to make the journey here.
By the way, you book
an inn for the night yet?
That a no?
If so, my doors are open to ya.
Won't charge any money, either.
Can't do better than free,
so whaddaya say?
Only if you're sure.
[PIORO]
I am!
Easy call.
I'll see to it you're fed, too.
You will?
Be honest, kid.
You haven't put a single
decent meal in your belly
since you left Gimul, right?
Um... You guessed it.
One fun fact I learned
on my journey here
was just how gross
travel food can be.
[PIORO] Talented as you
are, you're still a newbie
adventurer, so you might not
have realized that the rations
they sold you were made
to be cheap and durable,
not tasty.
Chin up, though!
Tonight, I'm gonna serve you
a dinner that's so delicious
and rare it'll just wipe
away that memory.
Awful tastes and all.
You sound pretty confident,
but what makes it so rare?
[MIYABI]
Ooh, guess what I heard!
Go on, guess!
[PIORO] Yeah, I know I
should be working hard,
but I'll do that later.
Okay?
[RYOMA] Miso soup,
cooked fish and white rice?
Then you've had these before?
Here I was thinkin' I'd
surprise you, but of course,
you're ahead of the game, huh?
No! I'm totally surprised, sir!
Did you happen to get this
miso from somewhere nearby?
[PIORO] Yep. Things like miso,
mirin, vinegar, and soy sauce
are all local commodities.
Did you say soy sauce?
[MIYABI] Um, please calm
down, Mister Ryoma.
Uh... I'm sorry for
yelling like that.
[PIORO] If you're that
interested, I'll pack some up
for you before you leave.
Are you serious?
Can you spare some?
[MIYABI claps]
Yes. We can.
Now, stop with the chitchat.
It's dinnertime, so hurry up
and eat this yummy food
before it gets cold.
Plus, you've been
talking all day.
There's a time to dish
and a time to dine.
Fair enough.
It's delicious!
So many memories.
Did you live in Dragonewt
village or something?
I don't see how else
you'd be so nostalgic
about these flavors
unless you did.
Oh, um...
My grandma would
make this stuff for me
when I was really little.
That's how.
What'd you get so flustered for?
No shame in enjoying
what you like.
It's endearing, honestly.
And besides, I'm glad
you have a cute side.
It's way more fitting for
someone your age
to act insecure and cute!
As impressive as your
accomplishments are,
at the end of the day
you're still just a kid.
I'm not all that
impressive, though.
I'm lucky more than
anything, I think.
I kept meeting the right
people at the right time.
That's the real secret
to my success.
Well, I beg to differ.
Havin' such a mature outlook
at such a young age
is impressive in itself.
If only Miyabi would
take a couple pages
outta your book.
Got some kinda problem, Dad?
That mouth.
Why can't you use the same
polite tone Ryoma does
when he speaks to me, huh?
An attitude like that's
not gonna cut it
at the royal capital's academy.
Needless to say, I'm a
little concerned for her.
Wait a second.
You wanna study at the academy?
[MIYABI]
Yeah.
Great way to make good
connections as a future
businessperson.
But I doubt I'd be treated well
with how strict they are,
so I'd honestly rather not go.
[RYOMA]
Gosh. You're that reluctant?
[PIORO] So, what're your plans
from tomorrow onward, Ryoma?
The shop's completely empty,
so there's lots to
do in preparation.
And, until my staff arrives,
I'll probably look for
some work as an adventurer
to try and keep myself busy.
Wait, you're telling me
you're an adventurer, too?
That's right.
But I'm just rank E,
which is pretty low.
[PIORO]
Ah, uh-oh.
Rank E is actually
impressive when you take
your age into account, but--
Did I say something wrong?
It isn't you.
There just aren't
many E-ranked jobs.
At least, not at the moment.
Why?
There's this strong monster
prowling the outskirts
of town.
As of now, no one's able
to assign quick jobs
that aren't in Lenaf
because of the danger
that thing poses.
It's bad for the
Merchant's Guild, too.
Ugly brute's disrupting
traffic on our main roads.
[RYOMA]
What kind of "beast" is it?
It's a smash boar,
and it's rank D.
It sounds kinda familiar.
[RYOMA] Where did I hear the
term "smash boar" before?
Oh, yeah! From the gods!
Gain and the others
told me about it.
For my backstory, we used
names that belonged
to a deceased couple
as my grandparents.
With their spirits'
blessing, of course.
But I ended up getting
more than a backstory.
They also said I could
have a few heirlooms
they'd hidden in their village.
Which was inside the
Great Forest of Schluss,
and if the stories are true,
it's one of the most dangerous
places in Seilfall because
it's filled with all kinds of
fierce creatures.
But before I went,
the gods suggested I fight
a few monsters similar
to the ones found
in the Great Forest to prepare.
And one monster I distinctly
remember them mentioning
was a smash boar!
[MIYABI]
Mister Ryoma.
Mister Ryoma?
Is everything okay?
You got this blank
look in your eyes.
Oh. I'm fine.
Just lost in my thoughts.
'Cause, believe it or not,
I've always wanted
to take down a smash boar.
What an amazing
coincidence, kid!
You can slay that beast
for us and then scratch
it off your wish list!
Its meat also sells quite
well, so be sure to bring
its money-making
carcass back to me
when you're done, okay?
[MIYABI]
Uh, Dad?
Did you forget something?
Mister Ryoma's a
rank E adventurer.
Could you live with
yourself if he got injured
or worse?
Well, that's why it
was a joke, obviously!
Don't get upset over
such a minor thing.
You know stress is bad for
the skin, right, sweetbean?
Don't lecture me when
you called joking
about someone's life minor!
There are some things one
should never joke about.
What part was supposed
to be funny?
Little help here, Ryoma?
Anytime!
Well... I, uh...
[PIORO]
I have to stay at work today.
Sorry I can't escort
you around again.
Miyabi has no such
obligation, though.
So she'll be watching out
for you in my place.
You can count on me!
[PIORO laughs]
Buh-bye.
'Kay, you're the one
calling the shots.
What's on today's agenda?
[RYOMA]
Not too much.
Buying lumber
is my top priority.
So I can make
furniture for the shop.
Then that's exactly
what we'll do!
Just leave it to me!
[hammering]
[PIORO] Oh. Sounds like
he's hard at work.
Knock, knock!
How's it going, Ryoma?
Had a little time to spare,
so I thought I'd say hi.
Uh... Uh...
[PIORO]
I'm so confused.
Uh...
What's goin' on?
Talk slow 'n use small words.
[MIYABI] I would if I could,
but I'm lost, too.
Care to explain?
What are we seeing right now?
Those are slimes, of course.
[MIYABI, PIORO]
No, no, no, no, no, no!
Anyone with eyes could tell
these things are slimes!
Obviously!
I meant how are they
able to use tools?
Because I taught them
how and they learned.
[MIYABI, PIORO]
Eh?
[RYOMA]
And that's a wrap!
For now, at least.
I wanna check out
the Adventurer's Guild
before the day's done.
Oh. Gotcha.
[MIYABI]
Safe travels to you, then.
[RYOMA]
Thanks!
Keep your guard up!
The smash boar's still
out there roaming free!
Run away if you see it, okay?
[RYOMA]
We'll see what happens.
Not like I'm out hunting
the smash boar,
but I'll defend myself
if it attacks me.
Never mind what rank it is.
Speaking of ranks,
Miss Miyabi was right about
the local rank E jobs.
There was hardly anything.
I was lucky I found even one!
And it's an easy-peasy
herb-gathering request.
You guys are right.
Whining about problems
won't fix 'em.
Happy thoughts!
If our spirits are up, our
production will be, too!
Now! Let's go find some herbs!
[RYOMA] There.
This stash should be enough.
We may have gone above
and beyond, guys.
[bird call]
Wow! Elia wrote back already?
[ELIARIA]
Dear Mister Ryoma,
first, thank you
for continuing to write.
Second, congratulations
on starting your new shop!
I was elated upon
reading the news,
I rushed to tell my entire
family all about it!
They are as happy as I am to
hear your laundry business
is proving to be so successful.
I hope you're pleased with
your achievements, too.
Your efficiency truly
is impressive!
It is my sincere wish that this
is only the beginning
for Bamboo Forest Laundry.
And...
Maybe one day,
if it's convenient,
you'll open a branch in
the royal capital as well.
We would be able to have
our reunion much sooner
if you do.
One last thing.
I'm sure you have a lot
going on, with the growth
of your business
and exploring Lenaf,
but please keep
your health in mind.
Though working is good,
overworking is not.
Very true.
I'll be careful, Elia.
That's one thing
you can count on.
[ADVENTURERS yelling]
[RYOMA]
The smash boar!
[SMASH BOAR growling]